# How to use sample app

After installation, you can check the sample page which you can check live streaming from your IoT device and some metrics (cpu utilization etc.). Please be sure that [installation procedure](./how_to_install.md) is completely finished before.

## start processes on your IoT device

Here, we assume that SSG and SiRu-device is installed in your home directory.

* janus gateway

```bash
$ /opt/janus/bin/janus
```

* SSG

```bash
$ cd ~/signalinggateway
$ node app
```

* sample H.264 Streaming Process

```bash
$ cd ~/signalinggateway
$ cd skywayiot-sdk-test
$ bash h264_streaming_testsrc.sh
```

* sample 3rd party app

```bash
$ cd ~/SiRu-device
$ cd examples
$ node metrics
```

## Access to sample web app

To check installation is completely finished and your environment working properly, you can use our sample web site.

https://@@@@@@@@@@@@/

1st time, you would see the blank form. Please input your APIKEY which is same as configured in ``signalinggateway/conf/skyway.yaml`` and ROOMNAME as ``testroom``.

Then you would see the test video stream as shwon below.

``todo - insert screen shot``

Also, you would see realtime and historical metrics graph below streaming.

``todo - insert screen shot``

## Change video source - real camera and mic

Above setting, you could check the test video and audio streaming which is generated from your IoT device. Yes it is ok, but you would enjoy if you could see the real media streaming which is generated by camera and mic. We'll show you how to do that.

If you have USB camera and mic inside, plug it to your IoT device.

``todo - insert screen shot``

Then stop current Streaming Process wth Ctrl+C then execute other process which is for usb camera.

```bash
## ~/signalinggateway/skywayiot-sdk-test
$ bash h264_streaming_usbcam.sh
```

Then, you may see that video view automatically changed from test video to real camera.

``todo - insert screen shot``

## Next Step

Now your SkyWay IoT SDK environment is properly working. Next step is to learn how to build your own app with SDK.
* [Getting Started - SkyWay IoT Room Utility(SiRu)](./docs/how_to_use_siru.md)